hello Jenson this is Dave your engineer
speaking there's there's not a lot of
time left in q1 actually you're only
gonna have time to do this lap so you
need to make sure this lap is good
enough to to get you into q2 oh dear
it's it's a disaster it's terrible
terrible news Jenson you've missed out
on q2 yeah oh you just missed out so you
went far after you you were twelve point
eight seconds off the pace so just a
fraction out but but why there's no
power Dave there's absolutely no power
in this McLaren whatsoever the naught to
60 speed to quicker in a 1974 Datsun
b210 coupe eh I'm not even joking this
this McLaren is absolutely dreadful got
no power whatsoever in fact I think I'm
gonna be sick looking at the figures it
the power looks fine believe me there's
absolutely no power in this car I
wouldn't just make any excuses without
I'm not I'm not like that the figure the
figures lie they must just lie or
something you know it's it's your fault
and it's your car
right then Jensen it was another
disappointing result in qualifying
yesterday but let's see if you can come
up with the goods in the race today
what are you doing Jeff what the hell is
going on is the aerodynamics the arrow
down oh it's got I've had bricks more
aerodynamic than this car it's
absolutely dreadful it's Oh God
I've been disqualified but it's the
aerodynamics it's all the aerodynamics
of there's no I am at no fault here
non non it's your fault it's all your
fault
okay Jensen you are doing a fantastic
job here you're holding p3 brilliantly
in in your own Grand Prix in Britain now
now just don't muck up just concentrate
and make sure you don't make a mistake
and why have you gone what why have you
just gone wide and lost two places what
one earth are you doing I'm gonna guess
that that's our fault and not not your
fault
come on what excuse have you got for us
come on tell us why excuse have you got
sorry did you not see the goat there was
some the apex of turn two so is it just
me that saw that what do you do just
maybe to do run it over you heartless
bastard I'm absolutely horrified you put
yourself in this Grand Prix and of the
life of so animal and it said oh you
should be a shame it's a disgrace it's
an absolute disgrace
oh I'm horrified I'm gonna be sick I'm
oh look I've been sick I've been sick in
the cockpit and saw your fault
so Jensen your race was going okay until
turn two on that five where you appeared
to go wide just why was that
am i there the one that saw this fing
goat I expected you to come to this
interview and be praised for being an
animal Saviour and all I'm getting is
abuse for missing a corner it's as if I
made up this old goat thing as an excuse
as to I made a mistake
okay Jonesy knees come into the pits now
it's that time to change tires so box
box box box box box box box box box box
box box box box box box box
baba box box box box ba ba ba ba ba ba
ba ba ba ba box box ba ba ba are you
serious
rather than gentle we're really sorry
about that that's a slow pit stop was
our fault it was actually our fault
that's this time and not your mistake
the pit crew didn't need to change the
front wing when they did and we're sorry
about that now I'm sorry that that slow
pit stop was my fault actually how I'm
worth could that be your fault it was uh
it was our pit crew it was our fault I'm
sorry
now look I'm happy to take
responsibility when it's my fault and in
this case it was I'm really sorry no I
don't understand your logic how could it
possibly have been your fault it was our
pit crew our pit stop
no it was our fault no it was my fault
no it was our fault it was my fault I
don't want to hear another word
lalalalala look it was awful it was
awful it was our fault
it was our fault it was our fault it was
awful
okay Jensen we've certainly had our
differences this season with some of the
more obtuse excuses you appear to have
come out with as to why things aren't
your fault but I'm willing to put up put
that all behind us now and concentrate
on spar so just focus on getting a good
sty and just make sure you don't lose
any positions come on then what have you
got for us this time why wasn't that
your fault
on page 485 B 0.2 of my contract it
clearly states that if the Grand Prix
commences on the annual gazelle race of
the $1 dren mountains
I cannot take part so with that you have
a perfectly valid excuse as to why I
crashed I give up I give I give up
we've certainly been over the mountains
this season with some of your excuses
for getting things wrong Jensen but I'm
willing once again to put all that
behind us and concentrate on this race
today so you've qualified well first you
can get a good first corner
go on then what's your excuse for
crashing this time was there a goat on
the apex of turn one or maybe today's
the annual lemur race in the Eunice La
Vie and Republic of Macedonia no
actually grow John just crashed me off
yeah okay we'll give you that one that's
that's definitely a valid excuse
you